TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[staff jingling]
‐ [grunts]
[Totetsu laughs]
What have we here?
You look pretty tasty, monk.
‐ Oh, no, Master! What do we do?
‐ Is it a demon?
‐ You two stay back.
[Totetsu laughing]
‐ Damn you, demon.
I will slay you!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Totetsu groans]
Just kidding.
‐ [groans]
‐ Master! No!
‐ [groaning] Save yourselves!
‐ I hope you're
as delicious as you look.
Thanks for the meal!
‐ Our master! He ate him whole!
‐ [screams]
‐ [grunting]
[gags] Pwah!
The flesh lacks depth of flavor.
I wanna eat something better,
like the monk Sanzo.
[grumbles]
What do you think,
Rainbow Pearl?
Are there any virtuous monks
like Sanzo around here? Well?
[chime rings]
That way?
[breathes deeply]
[Japanese music playing]
TOGA: "The Delicious
Feudal Monks."
‐ [birds chirping]
‐ [water flowing]
‐ OK, listen up. Recently
a demon has been on the prowl,
attacking virtuous monks
and Shinto priests
in this part of the region.
It seems five or six of them
have already been eaten.
‐ [shudders] It's eating them?
‐ A man‐eating demon, huh?
‐ We don't have a lead on who
will be targeted next yet,
but the most famous here
are the Buddhist priests
in the East Temple.
We're going to journey there
to guard them from harm.
Hisui, I want you
to take these two
and head over
to Brother's place.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I'm sure he'll be fine,
but better safe than sorry.
‐ [sighs] I highly doubt
he'd end up getting targeted.
‐ Now, don't be like that.
‐ Come on, men. Let's go.
‐ BOTH: Sir.
‐ Alright, so where exactly
are we going, anyway?
‐ We're heading
to my dad's place.
‐ [gasps] Your father's a monk?
I can't believe
I never knew that!
‐ He may be a monk,
but not a virtuous one.
‐ That's rather harsh.
‐ See, My dad
is a very shameless man.
He takes anything he can get.
‐ We're still going, right?
‐ Uncle ordered us to go, so we
don't really have a choice.
Anyway, I wonder
how he's doing.
‐ Eh?
‐ Oh.
[footsteps crunching]
‐ Mother.
‐ Eh?
‐ Before I go,
is there a message you'd
like for me to take to Father?
‐ No, not really.
‐ Alright.
Then I'll get going now.
TOWA: Your dad lives this deep
in the mountains, Hisui?
‐ He's going through
the one‐thousand‐day training.
‐ A thousand days?
Then that would be as much as...
two years, 270 days,
a long time.
‐ He wants divine power,
so he's trying to attain it
with this training,
but I doubt
it'll go that smoothly.
‐ How many days
have passed so far?
‐ I think it's been
over two years now.
TOWA: Ahh.
[dramatic music playing]
[panting]
[yells]
[gasps]
[grunts]
A! A! A!
Un! Un! Un!
Gyokuto?
‐ [panting]
Eh? Hello, Father. I'm here!
[birds chirping]
Doesn't today
mark the 800th day?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Have you gotten any stronger?
‐ I'm not sure just yet.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [Kirara growls]
‐ Huh?
‐ Oh!
GYOKUTO: It's Hisui.
I don't know
who the other two are, though.
‐ [gasps]
‐ What are you
doing out here, Sister?
‐ Delivering some items.
And what brings you
all this way?
‐ A demon
has recently been attacking
Buddhist monks
and Shinto priests.
Keeping with Uncle's orders,
I've come here
with my demon‐slaying friends.
‐ Oh! So you two
are his friends.
Thank you both for taking
such good care of Hisui.
I'm his big sister, Gyokuto.
‐ [laughs] Oh, no,
it's no trouble at all.
My name is Towa,
and this is my younger sister‐‐
‐ Setsuna, I didn't realize
you'd become a demon slayer.
‐ You know each other?
‐ Who are you?
‐ You don't remember who I am?
‐ Hmm?
‐ Looking the way you do,
it's no wonder
she didn't recognize you.
‐ This is what I wear to train.
There really is no helping it.
Well, if you have
no recollection,
that's another form of fate.
And you're Setsuna's
older sister. Is that correct?
‐ That's right. I am.
‐ I see.
‐ I'm heading off
to scout the perimeter.
‐ Hmm. I suppose
I'll return to my training now.
‐ Um, sir, with this training,
what kind of divine powers
do you hope to gain?
‐ Until I complete
my thousand days,
there's no way that I can know.
Moreover, it's entirely possible
I won't attain
any divine powers at all.
‐ Really? Does that mean
you might spend a thousand days
training for nothing?
‐ There's no such thing
as useless training.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I'll be satisfied even if I
only gain a little more power.
‐ Do you not have confidence
in your own strength?
‐ Before, I possessed
a very strong power
that was called the Wind Tunnel.
Wind Tunnel!
Even after losing that power,
I continued to slay demons...
until I faced one
that was unbelievably powerful.
That's when I knew
how weak I was
and decided to take on
some training.
On!
[both sigh]
‐ Say...
how about I make us some tea?
[giggles]
[birds chirping]
‐ Hmm?
ROKUTA: Isn't that...
MOROHA: Huh?
‐ Moroha, what are
you doing way out here?
‐ I'm being a bodyguard.
ROKUTA: You're a bodyguard?
‐ Yeah, I picked up
a job from this temple
asking me
to protect their monks.
I'm getting paid whether
a demon rears its head or not!
And if one shows, I get
a bonus for the head! [laughs]
[sputters]
Hang on! Don't tell me
you demon slayers want
a piece of this bounty!
‐ Well, as our name says,
we're here to slay a demon.
‐ Chief, what should we do?
‐ If Moroha says
she's protecting this place,
we can just move on
to another one.
‐ Sounds good.
Now get out of here.
By the way,
where are Towa and Setsuna?
‐ I sent them off
to protect a different monk.
‐ Well, I hope
they have fun with that,
even though the monk here
is the real target.
‐ We'll head to the shrine
in the south instead.
BOTH: Right.
So how about it, Rainbow Pearl?
Are there any virtuous monks
at that temple?
Doesn't look like it.
‐ Hurry up, and come over,
man‐eating demon!
I know you wanna try to eat
the tasty monk here,
and I'm ready for you!
‐ [purring]
‐ Oh, my. These are delicious!
[giggles]
Do Hisui and his father
not get along very well?
‐ They're just having
a misunderstanding.
‐ Hisui said he was shameless.
‐ Oh, well, you see‐‐[laughs]
In order for father
to provide for the family,
he had to spend a hefty sum.
[laughs]
You could even say he might have
had to push himself at times.
[laughs]
‐ That's right!
That man is Monk Miroku!
‐ Well, yes, that is his name.
‐ So you do know each other.
‐ His Buddhist power
was definitely strong.
‐ It is, but according to Hisui,
he thinks our father
is nothing but a big coward.
‐ GYOKUTO: Hisui!
‐ Eh?
‐ I'm borrowing Kirara
for a bit, OK?
Don't forget to come home
and visit once in a while.
‐ [sighs]
‐ Your sister's nice.
‐ [gasps]
‐ See anything suspicious?
‐ Of course not.
That demon, it isn't
going to come here anyway.
‐ Are you sure?
It seems like your father
has pretty strong
Buddhist power.
‐ Yes, greedy as he may be.
‐ Yeah, well,
my dad ran away from battle,
and when he did that,
he just called it training.
‐ But I thought he was
training to get stronger.
‐ If you can't tell
if you'll attain divine powers
when it's done,
what kind of training is that?
Uncle and I
are out in the real world
risking our lives
slaying demons
while he's cooped up here
in the mountains by himself!
‐ And this displeases you?
‐ I just don't want him causing
any more trouble for Mom.
‐ Hmm. It's like if Papa Sota
quit his full‐time job
and went to train
at a ramen shop
for two years instead,
leaving the rest of the family
to fend for itself!
‐ I have no clue
what you're talking about.
‐ I know about Papa Sota,
but you lost me
on everything else.
[gasps] I mean,
fathers are always just
doing their best, aren't they?
‐ Hold on. [sniffs]
There's a bad smell,
and it's getting closer.
‐ [gasps]
‐ What?!
‐ [chime rings]
‐ What do we have here?
I sense some tasty
Buddhist power nearby.
[birds chirping]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Father!
‐ Mr. Miroku!
‐ [roars]
HISUI: You've come, have you?
‐ [laughs] Aha.
Not as powerful as Sanzo,
but you still look delicious.
‐ You mean Sanzo
from Journey to the West?
Just who are you, anyway?!
‐ Huh?
Me? What about you?
‐ We won't give our names
to some man‐eating demon.
‐ Then I won't say mine, either.
[all gasp]
‐ You are one of the Four Perils
from the Mainland, aren't you?
‐ Four Perils?
‐ Well done!
I expect nothing less
from a delicious‐looking monk.
‐ Then he's one
of Kirinmaru's underlings.
‐ The fourth and last one
is named Totetsu.
‐ And you two are also correct!
But I still don't know
who any of you are.
‐ We're the ones
who will destroy you!
‐ If you're going
to get in my way,
I'll just have to eat you, too!
This'll be my first time
having half‐demons.
‐ [yells]
‐ Hisui, handle things here.
‐ [gasps]
Father, wait!
Damn it. Of course
that coward would back out.
‐ You can't run!
‐ [grunting]
‐ [yells]
‐ Interesting.
What is this flavor? It's spicy.
‐ Oh, yeah?
You should try this, too!
‐ Eh? [yells]
‐ Yes!
‐ What did you feed him?
‐ Some habanero sauce.
‐ "Haba‐nero"?
‐ It's super hot.
‐ Curse you all!
‐ [both grunt]
‐ Hey...
this way!
[wood creaking]
[both yell]
‐ [gags] Gross.
Why, you!
BOTH: Whoa!
‐ [groans]
[roars]
‐ I see.
He can suck in anything.
‐ His power is almost
like the Wind Tunnel.
‐ Wha‐‐Father?
But didn't you just run away?
‐ I can't let myself depend on
you to handle everything for me.
‐ [gasps]
‐ You do have
some demon slayer poison,
don't you?
‐ Yes, I do. It's right here.
‐ You need to get that poison
to catch in the wind
that he's sucking in.
Make sure of it.
‐ Uh, Father!
‐ [grunts]
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ Hah!
‐ [yells]
‐ [grunts]
[staff jingles]
‐ Totetsu, you were
looking for me, right?!
‐ Ah! So, you've decided
to surrender yourself?
‐ [grunting]
‐ Eat this!
‐ This is...
‐ It's demon slayer poison!
Hiraikotsu!
‐ Eww!
Gross!
‐ [yelps]
‐ Hisui!
You alright? Hey!
‐ [sputters]
Can't believe
I almost ate that poison.
‐ I guess
he's not just a vacuum.
‐ Yes, he sure
didn't like the poison.
‐ You'll all pay for this!
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ Now's my chance.
‐ [yelps]
‐ Setsuna!
[gasps]
[yelps]
‐ Come on. Hang in there.
‐ [groans]
I inhaled
some of the poison back there.
‐ SETSUNA: Monk Miroku.
‐ Eh?
‐ I need you to undo the seal.
‐ A‐Are you sure?
Doing so will‐‐
‐ Do you want to be eaten?
[winds whipping]
[wood clatters]
‐ No, I can't say that I do.
‐ [yelps]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[yells]
‐ [gagging]
[spits]
I can't eat a stone statue!
[traditional music playing]
‐ Release!
‐ Let me eat you already!
‐ Totetsu, I am your opponent.
‐ Setsuna. No, get back!
‐ Like a half‐demon to a flame.
‐ [yells]
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Now to see
what a half‐demon tastes like.
[laughs]
Eh? Wait. Is this...
‐ So do you like it,
the taste of my poison hand?
‐ What? [yells]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [dramatic music playing]
‐ [groans]
Poisonous blood?
How could this be?!
‐ [yells]
‐ [screams]
[breathes deeply]
‐ What? [grunts]
‐ Oh, no, you don't!
‐ [moans] I never want
to eat another half‐demon again!
‐ He got away.
‐ Hey, Setsuna, you OK?
‐ Yes, I'm fine.
This is nothing at all.
But this overflowing blood is‐‐
I can't...
‐ What's going on?
That look on your face.
‐ [growls]
‐ [moans]
‐ Here. Drink up.
‐ Are you alright, Setsuna?
‐ Yes.
‐ Good.
Then I'm going to apply
the seal again, OK?
Meet an arhat,
then slay the arhat.
Meet your parents,
then slay your parents.
Know that the light
to your path lies therein.
[grunts]
That should do it.
‐ [moans]
[chuckles]
[bird squawking]
‐ [yawns]
I'm bored.
Huh?
Takechiyo?
‐ Hah!
So you can stop
standing guard now.
‐ Huh?!
‐ There were these demon slayers
protecting a monk,
and they drove
the man‐eating demon away,
which means no more bounty.
‐ [wails]
‐ Well, Father, don't
push yourself too hard now.
‐ Right.
I'll run and hide if I must.
‐ [chuckles]
Alright. See you.
[staff jingles]
‐ Well, then.
[sighs]
[insects chirping]
[footsteps scrape]
HISUI: Mother.
‐ Hisui?
‐ Father's training
for 200 more days.
Looks like he's really
going to see it through.
‐ I see.
I finished making
some new protective masks.
Can you take them
to Kohaku and the others?
Eh?
Did something happen?
Uh...
uh, well, I guess so.
‐ I was told by Monk Miroku
that the poison in my body
is an inherited trait.
Also, if I transform
into a demon, being a half‐demon
makes controlling that power
much more difficult.
‐ Ah.
‐ You're also a half‐demon.
It's possible
you inherited something as well.
‐ [chuckles]
You may be right.
We are sisters after all,
aren't we?
‐ What are you doing?
Get off of me!
‐ Come on.
What's the harm in a hug?
‐ Stop touching me.
You're too clingy.
‐ Boo! You're so mean, Setsuna!
[Japanese music playing]
MOROHA: Isn't it weird for
someone so beautiful to be here?
SETSUNA:
Tamano escaped the clutches
of an evil mountain god.
We are the only ones
who can help her.
TOWA: But Homura looked
really surprised when he saw us.
HOMURA: You're those damn twins,
the ones with
the Gold and Silver Pearls.
To think you were still alive
after all this time.
TOWA: What does he mean?
Could he possibly know us?
Next time on Yashahime,
"The One Behind
the Forest Fire."
Setsuna and I got separated
all because of you!
[no audible dialogue]